Added post: What are third-party origin trials? (#3986)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/origin-trials/index.md

feedback on your use of the trial feature. Some features may undergo multiple origin 
trials, as learnings are incorporated and adjustments are made.  

{% Aside %}
**Third-party origin trials**

Origin trials are usually only available on a first-party basis: they only work for a single
registered [origin](https://web.dev/same-site-same-origin/#origin). Third-party origin trials make 

> it possible for providers of embedded content to try out a new feature across multiple sites 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it possible for providers of embedded content to try a new feature across multiple sites 
```

   To do so, you are again asked to submit feedback.
   
{% Aside 'warning' %}
Even if an API lands unchanged after a successful origin trial, there is a short period between the 
end of the origin trial and the date the implementation ships in the browser when the API will not 
be available. This is by design. If we were to avoid the mandatory total-breakage period, we would 

> bias toward also avoiding breakages in the API surface, and the final shipping API might potentially 
> be worse for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bias toward also avoiding breakages in the API surface, which are often needed to improve the API.
The final shipping API might be worse for it.
```

Reviewer: I'm not in love with this wording, but we should say why API breakages may be needed.

Author: Makes sense. 

Also wondering — should maybe avoid the use of 'we'?

Reviewer: The injunction agains the word is because it's often ambiguous who 'we' refers to. I don't think there's ambiguity here. Nevertheless, replacing 'we' with 'Chrome' or something equally specific would improve the writing. 

That's a long way of saying, 'yes'.
